----- amqxloga.c : 3150 -------------------------------------------------------
05/30/2025 11:52:04 AM - Process(7093.843) User(mqm) Program(amqrmppa)
                    Host(example) Installation(Installation2)
                    VRMF(9.3.0.21) QMgr(DEV.DEVAPPL1)
                    Time(2025-05-30T16:52:04.227Z)
                    ArithInsert1(1) ArithInsert2(1)
                    CommentInsert1(SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN)
                    CommentInsert2(10.162.0.60)

AMQ9490E: The maximum number of instances, 1, of channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN'
was reached for an individual client.

EXPLANATION:
The server-connection channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN' is configured so that the
maximum number of instances that can run at the same time for any individual
client is 1. This limit was reached for the client with remote network address
'10.162.0.60'.
ACTION:
Try the operation again when a new instance can be started for this client.

If the limit has been reached because there are too many connections from the
relevant client application, consider changing the application to make fewer
connections.

If you are not making use of sharing conversations, consider switching to this
mode of operation because several client connections can then share one channel
instance.
----- amqxloga.c : 3150 -------------------------------------------------------
05/30/2025 11:52:04 AM - Process(7093.843) User(mqm) Program(amqrmppa)
                    Host(example) Installation(Installation2)
                    VRMF(9.3.0.21) QMgr(DEV.DEVAPPL1)
                    Time(2025-05-30T16:52:04.227Z)
                    ArithInsert1(1) ArithInsert2(1)
                    CommentInsert1(SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN)
                    CommentInsert2(10.162.0.60)

AMQ9490E: The maximum number of instances, 1, of channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN'
was reached for an individual client.

EXPLANATION:
The server-connection channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN' is configured so that the
maximum number of instances that can run at the same time for any individual
client is 1. This limit was reached for the client with remote network address
'10.162.0.60'.
ACTION:
Try the operation again when a new instance can be started for this client.

If the limit has been reached because there are too many connections from the
relevant client application, consider changing the application to make fewer
connections.

If you are not making use of sharing conversations, consider switching to this
mode of operation because several client connections can then share one channel
instance.
----- amqxloga.c : 3150 -------------------------------------------------------
05/30/2025 11:52:04 AM - Process(7093.843) User(mqm) Program(amqrmppa)
                    Host(example) Installation(Installation2)
                    VRMF(9.3.0.21) QMgr(DEV.DEVAPPL1)
                    Time(2025-05-30T16:52:04.227Z)
                    ArithInsert1(1) ArithInsert2(1)
                    CommentInsert1(SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN)
                    CommentInsert2(10.162.0.60)

AMQ9490E: The maximum number of instances, 1, of channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN'
was reached for an individual client.

EXPLANATION:
The server-connection channel 'SYSTEM.ADMIN.SVRCONN' is configured so that the
maximum number of instances that can run at the same time for any individual
client is 1. This limit was reached for the client with remote network address
'10.162.0.60'.
ACTION:
Try the operation again when a new instance can be started for this client.

If the limit has been reached because there are too many connections from the
relevant client application, consider changing the application to make fewer
connections.

If you are not making use of sharing conversations, consider switching to this
mode of operation because several client connections can then share one channel
instance.
----- amqrmrsa.c : 442 --------------------------------------------------------
05/30/2025 12:10:33 PM - Process(2490308.72) User(mqm) Program(amqrmppa)
                    Host(vrtdl30219) Installation(Installation2)
                    VRMF(9.3.0.21) QMgr(TEST)
                    Time(2025-05-30T17:10:33.720Z)
                    ArithInsert1(13) ArithInsert2(4)
                    CommentInsert1(FOO.TEST.SEQ)
                    CommentInsert2(10.172.60.13)

AMQ9703W: Message sequence number mismatch detected for channel
'FOO.TEST.SEQ'.

EXPLANATION:
The local and remote queue managers do not agree on the next message sequence
number. A message with sequence number 13 has been sent when sequence number 4
was expected. The remote host is '10.172.60.13'. The channel will ignore the
mismatch in sequence numbers and attempt to continue.
ACTION:
Determine the cause of the inconsistency. It could be that a channel has been
deleted and redefined, an MCA has previously ended abnormally whilst confirming
a message batch, or the channel is being intentionally redirected to an
equivalent queue manager (i.e. disaster recovery).